chore: remove warning and add link to Pulumi registry (#40)
UpCloudLtd/pulumi-upcloud: README.md

- `UPCLOUD_USERNAME` (environment variable) - the username of the account to use
- `UPCLOUD_PASSWORD` (environment variable) - the password of the account to use

## Reference

> For detailed reference documentation, please visit [the Pulumi registry](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/foo/api-docs/).

Author: ```suggestion
For detailed reference documentation, please visit [the Pulumi registry](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/upcloud/).
```
